Add WeChat Receiver type to AlertmanagerConfig CRD (#3619)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: Documentation/user-guides/alerting.md

Prometheus' configuration also includes "rule files", which contain the [alerting rules][alerting-rules]. When an alerting rule triggers it fires that alert against *all* Alertmanager instances, on *every* rule evaluation interval. The Alertmanager instances communicate to each other which notifications have already been sent out. For more information on this system design, see the [High Availability scheme description][ha-scheme].

> The Prometheus Operator also introduces an AlertmanagerConfig resource, which allows users to declaratively describe Alertmanager configurations. It is recommended to use the AlertmanagerConfig resource than manage the configurations manually.

Author: how about changing this to

```
The AlertmanagerConfig resource is currently v1alpha1, testing and feedback are welcome.
```

> The Prometheus Operator also introduces an AlertmanagerConfig resource, which allows users to declaratively describe Alertmanager configurations. It is recommended to use the AlertmanagerConfig resource than manage the configurations manually.

Reviewer: Sure, that sounds better to me :+1: Will leave it up to the project maintainers to review and have the final say :slightly_smiling_face:

  replicas: 3
```

The Alertmanager instances will not be able to start up, unless a valid configuration is given. To create a configuration, AlertmanagerConfig resource or manully created secret could be used.
For more information on configuring Alertmanager, see the Prometheus [Alerting Configuration document][alerting-config].

## AlertmanagerConfig Resource

> The following example configuration creates an AlertmanagerConfig resource that sends notifications against a non-existent `wechat` receiver, allowing the Alertmanager to start up, without issuing any notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configuration creates an AlertmanagerConfig resource that sends notifications to a non-existent `wechat` receiver:
```

(removing the part of the sentence that suggests that something like this would be necessary to allow Alertmanager to start)

[embedmd]:# (../../example/user-guides/alerting/alertmanager-config-example.yaml)
```yaml
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: AlertmanagerConfig
metadata:
  name: config-example
  labels:
    alertmanagerConfig: example
spec:
  route:
    groupBy: ['job']
    groupWait: 30s
    groupInterval: 5m
    repeatInterval: 12h
    receiver: 'wechat-example'
  receivers:
  - name: 'wechat-example'
    weChatConfigs:
    - apiURL: 'http://wechatserver:8080/'
      corpID: 'wechat-corpid'
      apiSecret:
        name: 'wechat-config'
        key: 'apiSecret'

---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
type: Opaque
metadata:
  name: wechat-config
data:
  apiSecret: d2VjaGF0LXNlY3JldAo=
```

Save the above AlertmanagerConfig in a file called `alertmanager-config.yaml` and create a resource from it using `kubectl`.

```bash
$ kubectl create -f alertmanager-config.yaml
```

> Alertmanager require a `alertmanagerConfigSelector` for finding those AlertmanagerConfig resources. In the previous example, the label `alertmanagerConfig: example` is added, so Alertmanager instance should be updated, adding the `alertmanagerConfigSelector`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `alertmanagerConfigSelector` field in the Alertmanager resource Spec needs to be specified so that the operator can select such AlertmanagerConfig resources. In the previous example, the label `alertmanagerConfig: example` is added, so the Alertmanager instance should be updated, adding the `alertmanagerConfigSelector`:
```

[embedmd]:# (../../example/user-guides/alerting/alertmanager-selector-example.yaml)
```yaml
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
kind: Alertmanager
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  replicas: 3
  alertmanagerConfigSelector:
    matchLabels:
      alertmanagerConfig: example
```

## Manually Managed Secret

> The following example configuration sends notifications against a non-existent `webhook`, allowing the Alertmanager to start up, without issuing any notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configuration sends notifications to a non-existent `webhook`:
```

- '*.tmpl'
```

## Expose Alertmanager

> Once the `AlertmanagerConfig` or the configuration Secret is mounted by Alertmanager Pods created through the Alertmanager object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the operator merges the optional manually specified Secret with any selected `AlertmanagerConfig` resources, a new configuration Secret is created with the name `alertmanager-<Alertmanager name>-generated`, and is mounted into Alertmanager Pods created through the Alertmanager object.
```
